Software development process and some standard mythologies
Agile software development “is a set of software development methods in which requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between self-organizing,[1] cross-functional teams. It promotes adaptive planning, evolutionary development, early delivery, continuous improvement, and encourages rapid and flexible response to change”. 
Scrum seems to be a popular method in the software development process: “Scrum is an iterative and incremental agile software development methodology for managing product development”. This method is very team orientated and very organized. Every step in the scrum process has a time frame attached to it with a specific goal to be accomplished in that time frame. 
To start a product off (or the beginning of a sprint), a big team meeting is held to clearly outline to everyone what the product will do, called sprint planning event.  After this sprint planning event, daily scrums are held to go over the goals for that day, what you did the previous day to progress the sprint, and so forth. These daily scrums are limited to 15 minutes. If there are any issues, the scrum master takes over to help work those issues. 
Product backlog is everything that needs to happen to achieve this product, and sprint backlog go more into detail and are contained within the product backlog. 
The review retrospective happens towards the end and is where you review everything and see what needs to be done and if there are anything that needs to be done that you didn’t plan for. Also in this area, if there are any suggestions on how to make the next sprint go more smoothly they would be shared now. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhRr3V0objA
